_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "Welcome!"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hello! I am **Shunsuke Ishii** (石井 俊輔 in [Japanese](/japanese)), an **MSc student in Econometrics and Mathematical Economics** at <a href="https://www.lse.ac.uk" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">the London School of Economics and Political Science</a>.
Concurrently, I serve as a research assistant for <a href="https://www.jst.go.jp/erato/kojima/en/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">ERATO KOJIMA Market Design Project</a> at the University of Tokyo, as well as for <a href="https://www.mdc.e.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">the University of Tokyo Market Design Center (UTMD)</a>.

In July 2025, I graduated from <a href="https://www.ed.ac.uk/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">the University of Edinburgh</a> with MA (Hons) in Economics with First Class Honours.

Fields of Interests: Macroeconomics, Labour Economics

Contact: s.ishii [at] lse.ac.uk

Research
=====
**[Are Final Market Prices Sufficient for Information Aggregation? Evidence from Last-Minute Dynamics in Parimutuel Betting](files/hanyu2025final.pdf)** [<a href="https://www.mdc.e.u-tokyo.ac.jp/wp/wp-content/uploads/2025/09/UTMD-093.pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">UTMD WP</a>] [<a href="https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2509.14645" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Arxiv</a>] [[BibTeX](files/hanyu2025final.bib)] (Last update: 18 September 2025)
- Coauthored with <a href="https://hiroakiyusheng.github.io/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Hiroaki Hanyu</a>, <a href="https://sites.google.com/site/suguruotaniecon" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Suguru Otani</a>, and <a href="https://sites.google.com/view/kazuhiroteramoto/home" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Kazuhiro Teramoto</a>.

Education
=====
- (Current) **MSc in Econometrics and Mathematical Economics**, *London School of Economics and Political Science*
  - Graduation expected in July 2026.
- **MA (Hons) in Economics with First Class Honours**, *the University of Edinburgh*, September 2021 - July 2025
  - Dissertation titled "*Jobless Unemployed Workers and Temporary Layoff Workers on Search and Not on Search for a New Job in the US Labour Market*", supervised by Prof Jesper Bagger.
  - 3rd-year undergraduate exchange at *the University of British Columbia*, September 2023 - April 2024.
  - *2024-25 Undergraduate Prize* from the School of Economics for obtaining the class top mark in a course Advanced Mathematical Economics.
  - *School Prize of Top Performers in Statistical Methods for Economics* from the School of Economics for being one of the top three performance in a second-year compulsory course in introductory econometrics.

Awards
=====
- **Scholarship for Degree Seeking Students Studying Abroad**, *Japan Student Services Organization*, March 2025
  - Scholarship for my master's programme at the London School of Economics and Political Science, funded by the Japanese government.
- **Scholarship and Tuition Support**, *Japan Student Services Organization*, March 2021
  - Scholarship for my four-year undergraduate studies at the University of Edinburgh, funded by the Japanese government.

Computing
=====
- R (including tidyverse), Stata, Python, \\(\LaTeX\\), Linux

Languages
=====
- English (fluent), Japanese (native), French (intermediate), Mandarin Chinese (intermediate, hold HSK 5)

---

Miscellaneous Writings in Japanese
-----
Please have a look on my [Japanese page](/japanese).

Commit message:

added scheduled presentation at ABEF

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "Welcome!"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hello! I am **Shunsuke Ishii** (石井 俊輔 in [Japanese](/japanese)), an **MSc student in Econometrics and Mathematical Economics** at <a href="https://www.lse.ac.uk" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">the London School of Economics and Political Science</a>.
Concurrently, I serve as a research assistant for <a href="https://www.jst.go.jp/erato/kojima/en/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">ERATO KOJIMA Market Design Project</a> at the University of Tokyo, as well as for <a href="https://www.mdc.e.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">the University of Tokyo Market Design Center (UTMD)</a>.

In July 2025, I graduated from <a href="https://www.ed.ac.uk/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">the University of Edinburgh</a> with MA (Hons) in Economics with First Class Honours.

Fields of Interests: Macroeconomics, Labour Economics

Contact: s.ishii [at] lse.ac.uk

Research
=====
**[Are Final Market Prices Sufficient for Information Aggregation? Evidence from Last-Minute Dynamics in Parimutuel Betting](files/hanyu2025final.pdf)** [<a href="https://www.mdc.e.u-tokyo.ac.jp/wp/wp-content/uploads/2025/09/UTMD-093.pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">UTMD WP</a>] [<a href="https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2509.14645" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Arxiv</a>] [[BibTeX](files/hanyu2025final.bib)] (Last update: 18 September 2025)
- Coauthored with <a href="https://hiroakiyusheng.github.io/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Hiroaki Hanyu</a>, <a href="https://sites.google.com/site/suguruotaniecon" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Suguru Otani</a>, and <a href="https://sites.google.com/view/kazuhiroteramoto/home" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Kazuhiro Teramoto</a>.
- Presentation scheduled at the 19th Annual Conference of the Association of Behavioral Economics and Finance at Waseda University in Tokyo, Japan in December 2025.

Education
=====
- (Current) **MSc in Econometrics and Mathematical Economics**, *London School of Economics and Political Science*
  - Graduation expected in July 2026.
- **MA (Hons) in Economics with First Class Honours**, *the University of Edinburgh*, September 2021 - July 2025
  - Dissertation titled "*Jobless Unemployed Workers and Temporary Layoff Workers on Search and Not on Search for a New Job in the US Labour Market*", supervised by Prof Jesper Bagger.
  - 3rd-year undergraduate exchange at *the University of British Columbia*, September 2023 - April 2024.
  - *2024-25 Undergraduate Prize* from the School of Economics for obtaining the class top mark in a course Advanced Mathematical Economics.
  - *School Prize of Top Performers in Statistical Methods for Economics* from the School of Economics for being one of the top three performance in a second-year compulsory course in introductory econometrics.

Awards
=====
- **Scholarship for Degree Seeking Students Studying Abroad**, *Japan Student Services Organization*, March 2025
  - Scholarship for my master's programme at the London School of Economics and Political Science, funded by the Japanese government.
- **Scholarship and Tuition Support**, *Japan Student Services Organization*, March 2021
  - Scholarship for my four-year undergraduate studies at the University of Edinburgh, funded by the Japanese government.

Computing
=====
- R (including tidyverse), Stata, Python, \\(\LaTeX\\), Linux

Languages
=====
- English (fluent), Japanese (native), French (intermediate), Mandarin Chinese (intermediate, hold HSK 5)

---

Miscellaneous Writings in Japanese
-----
Please have a look on my [Japanese page](/japanese).
